CSS-10880 Improve documentation (#53)
canonical/superset-k8s-operator: documentation/tutorial/04-deploy-superset.md

> # Deploying Charmed Superset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy Charmed Superset
```

This is part of the
[Charmed Superset Tutorial]().
Please refer to this page for more information and the overview of the content.

> Charmed Superset has 3 primary functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charmed Superset has three primary functions:
```
Add periods in the points below

1. Web server and UI
2. Worker for handling asynchronous queries
3. Beat scheduler for scheduling tasks

> For the purposes of our tutorial we will only need the `Web server and UI`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial only focuses on the `Web server and UI`.
```

> ## Deploy Charmed Superset Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy Charmed Superset server
```
Is server a proper noun in this case?

> There are multiple channels of Charmed Superset we can deploy - these can be found on [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io/superset-k8s). If none is specified, `latest/stable` will be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple channels of Charmed Superset you can deploy. See [Charmhub](https://charmhub.io/superset-k8s) for more details. If none is specified, `latest/stable` is deployed.
```
We tend to use present tense as much as possible

```bash
juju deploy superset-k8s
```

## Add PostgreSQL and Redis relations

> A charm relation is an integration between applications which passes necessary configurations to automate the integration. We'll now add relations between Charmed Superset and Charmed PostgreSQL and Charmed Redis as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A charm relation is an integration between applications which passes necessary configurations to automate the integration. You can add relations between Charmed Superset, Charmed PostgreSQL and Charmed Redis as follows:
```

```bash
juju relate superset-k8s postgresql-k8s
juju relate superset-k8s redis-k8s
```

> 

Reviewer: Add here a note box saying this relations addition may take up to five minutes to complete.

superset-k8s                  active           1  superset-k8s    latest/stable   34  10.152.183.135  no       Status check: UP

Unit                    Workload     Agent  Address      Ports  Message
postgresql-k8s/0*       active       idle   10.1.255.10         Primary
redis-k8s/0*            active       idle   10.1.255.21         
superset-k8s/0*         active       idle   10.1.255.5          Status check: UP

Integration provider           Requirer                           Interface          Type     Message
postgresql-k8s:database        superset-k8s:postgresql_db         postgresql_client  regular  
postgresql-k8s:database-peers  postgresql-k8s:database-peers      postgresql_peers   peer     
postgresql-k8s:restart         postgresql-k8s:restart             rolling_op         peer     
postgresql-k8s:upgrade         postgresql-k8s:upgrade             upgrade            peer      
redis-k8s:redis                superset-k8s:redis                 redis              regular  
redis-k8s:redis-peers          redis-k8s:redis-peers              redis-peers        peer        
superset-k8s:peer              superset-k8s:peer                  superset           peer     

```

> Congratulations you have deployed Charmed Superset!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
